Ça
010
mist_r
Amamiya Private School
Amamiya Private School is a well-known girl's school with a huge campus situated on the outskirts of the city.
With traditional conservative teaching styles and early age enrollment, their students go on to position themselves at the top of the social ladder.
Since its inception, it has refused to accept males. It teaches young women their roles in society.
I start today as a teacher of biology.
Å@Ask a nearby student for directionsÅ@Å@
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Look at the school campusÅ@Å@
It's okay. I don't want it to happen again.
I have a feeling that I'm being avoided by the students. It must be my imagination.
ÅyYuichiÅz Excuse me?
ÅyGirlÅz A guy... No!
The girl sees me, turns pale and runs away.
Well, that was a shock.
Damn, I keep hitting dead-ends and I'm nowhere near the principal's office. This campus is HUGE.
ÅyWoman's VoiceÅz Excuse me, may I help you?
The girl, who wasn't friendly, left at a quick pace.
Shit, I'm running out of time to get to the principal's office. Maybe I'll just ask a student.
It's a very common scene on the way to school.
Some students look really quiet, while others are walking in a group chatting. Look at all the students attending school.
It must be right before school starts. Many students in cute clad school uniforms are walking toward the school buildings.
But where's the principal's office? When she explained it to me, it seemed clear, but this school is so big and confusing.
It's not only the steel gate that's so huge. It's also the colossal size of the school buildings in this huge space that's overwhelming me.
But when you think about it, why build the steel gate so big? It looks like a prison gate.
010d
There's a cute student near by. I can tell she's staring at me with great interest.
Å@Look at the studentÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to the studentÅ@Å@
She's looking at me.
Damn, she's cute... wait, I mean she's a student, but she's cute.
She looks so innocent and naive. Looking at her gestures, they give the impression that she's been raised well.
ÅyYuichiÅz Excuse me, do you know where the principal's office is?
ÅyGirlÅz Yes I do. You weren't standing here all this time because you didn't know where it was, were you?
ÅyYuichiÅz Of course not. I was just overwhelmed by the size of the school.
ÅyGirlÅz Okay, whatever you say. The principal's office is...
The girl gave me a mischievous grin and led me to the principal's office. Wait a minute, it's not far at all!
ÅyYuichiÅz Well, thank you. I have never been in a school so big.
ÅyGirlÅz *giggle* You're quite welcome. Don't be late, professor.
010
She ran towards the school buildings, giggling as she waved good bye.
Umm, okay.
I WANT that.
......What!
ÅyYuichiÅz I'm new here, and I don't know my way around.
ÅyGirlÅz Oh, you're a new professor here. *giggle* Everyone was talking about you daydreaming in front of the school gate.
I looked around and saw a few students giggling at me. I hadn't noticed this before.
ÅyYuichiÅz Guess I'm just too good looking, eh?
ÅyGirlÅz *chuckle* You're funny.
ÅyGirlÅz How can I help you?
Shit, I don't have time for this. I have other important matters to attend to.
My name is Yuichi Sakuma.
I just pretend to be dorky. But I have a mission to accomplish. That mission is...
chim2
......
Fuck! I didn't realize what time it was! I can't be late on the first day. I'm a professor.
Å@Run to the principal's officeÅ@Å@
Å@Think for a momentÅ@Å@
Å@Go home
That's right! Run for the principal's office.
Hmm... just thinking about it won't get me anywhere. I should get a move on.
Just thinking about it won't get me anywhere.
I'm gonna be late at this rate. What should I do...
I can't go home! Of course it's a joke.
Well, let's go home and drink a bottle of beer... What!
mist_r
040
This is the principal's office.
I guess I made it in time. *whew* Don't wanna be late first day of the job.
There are huge sofas, tables and a lot of awards displayed.
It doesn't look like the principal's here yet.
Å@Wait for the principal to comeÅ@Å@
Å@Look around the room
Å@Sleep
Doesn't look like the principal's gonna show up soon.
......
Well, I didn't need to run here and be out of breath.
The principal's late, wonder what happened?
There are many awards displayed on the walls. I was astounded by so many prestigious awards.
Why do principals and deans like to show off so much? She's got a leather sofa and even a marble table.
I used to be amazed in my youth when I was called to the principal's office. There was that solemnness that wasn't in other faculty rooms.
There is a great table and a sofa that's glimmering black, just as you would expect in the principal's room.
The room was probably about three times as big as my room and thirty times more expensive.
Maybe I'll just take a quick nap... Just for a minute.
......Zzzzzzz..........
To be honest, I was sleepy.
That all-nighter yesterday was getting to me. I can get away with being late, but sleeping in the principal's office on the first day...?
ÅyWoman's VoiceÅz Hi, sorry to have kept you waiting.
ÅyYuichiÅz ...
ÅyWoman's VoiceÅz Um... Professor Sakuma, I presume?
ÅyYuichiÅz Zzz-
ÅyWoman's VoiceÅz Excuse me? Umm... Professor Sakuma?
ÅyYuichiÅz ...
ÅyWoman's VoiceÅz ...Professor Sakuma!
ÅyYuichiÅz Wha... YES!?
I jumped up sounding like some kind of a kung fu action hero. I think I might've hit that falsetto I was trying to hit in the shower.
040
040b
A graceful woman was standing in front of me. It's the principal, Amamiya Toshiko. She is looking at me strangely.
ÅyYuichiÅz Umm... this is an ancient Chinese method of unifying one's thoughts through a meditation method called Minds of the Seven Dragons.
ÅyToshikoÅz Umm... Yeah, right. Okay.
I can't believe she bought that bull shit! Logical, but just a bunch of words. The trick is to stay calm and cool. And just say something logical.
ÅyToshikoÅz *cough* My name is Amamiya Toshiko, and I'm the principal of this school. It's very nice to meet you.
Å@Look at the principalÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to the principal
She's young and attractive.
The story is that her daughter takes the advanced courses at the school. I can't believe she's a mother! She's so damn young!
Ms. Toshiko Amamiya... She's the eighth generation to look after this school.
She might look a tad bitchy, but she IS beautiful. You probably need to be a tad bitchy to be the principal of this school.
ÅyToshikoÅz Professor Sakuma, you used to teach biology right? Please teach the third period today.
ÅyYuichiÅz Of course. I did my homework. No problem.
ÅyYuichiÅz My name is Yuichi Sakuma. It's nice to meet you too.
I met her once before, but I guess we have to go through the formalities.
ÅyToshikoÅz And there's just one more thing I need to tell you.
ÅyToshikoÅz Professor Sakuma, I'm sure that since you were appointed by the school committee, you have no problem with following the school regulations. We pride ourselves on strictness and order.
ÅyYuichiÅz Okay...
ÅyToshikoÅz There are many female students on campus so please watch your conduct.
Here she comes!
Basically, what she was saying, "Please don't fool around with the students."
It must be one of those "promises" that new professors have to make.And of course, I have a perfect reply to that "promise".
ÅyYuichiÅz I understand completely. I would like to pride myself as one of the members of the great Amamiya Private School and will act according to its principles.
Toshiko smiled and gave that "you passed" look.
Thank God, I thought about that one all night. That was why I was almost late today. The word mistake is not in my dictionary.
Å@Look at the principal
Å@Talk to the principal
Å@Change the subjectÅ@Å@
She's young and attractive.
ÅyToshikoÅz Please report to me after class, since it's your first day and all.
ÅyYuichiÅz Okay, I'll come and see you after class then.
ÅyToshikoÅz Thank you Professor Sakuma.
I changed the subject just when the conversation was getting dull.
ÅyYuichiÅz What happened to my predecessor?
The principal seems a little uncomfortable.
ÅyToshikoÅz Oh, you mean Professor Sasaki. She just all of a sudden decided to quit...
ÅyToshikoÅz I'm sure the professor had her reasons. I accepted the resignation but it was inconvenient.
ÅyYuichiÅz Is that so...
ÅyToshikoÅz That's why I am depending on you, Professor Sakuma.
ÅyYuichiÅz I'll do my best.
I sounded good, but I was feeling guilty.
To be honest, I had no intention of staying at the school for long.
tit3_r
In fact, I had no intention of teaching at all...
We're not done talking about this.
My name is Yuichi Sakuma.
Japanese Educational System, also know as JES. I am an agent sent by JES to investigate private schools.
Private schools are considered backward and inefficient. Crimes in these communities are often covered up, so it's hard for the police to enter this world.
And since most are minors, it is often hard to classify the criminal conduct and apply the proper laws.
JES works with the Board of Education and the police to investigate these schools. Special agents like me are sent.
At this private school, a number of students have disappeared. And all of them are runaways.
These students are just turning into adolescents, and it is normal to think about running away.
But it's strange when the students are running away, and none of them have returned. They should be handled as missing person cases.
Another undercover agent from JES, Megumi Sasaki, was sent to this school sometime ago, but we have been unable to contact her.
According to the principal just now, she insisted on resigning, but agents don't resign.
Something must have happened to Megumi.
My job was to find Megumi and follow up on her investigation.
My true identity has not been revealed to any school officials. Not even to this beautiful principal.
ÅyToshikoÅz Now, Professor Sakuma, are you ready?
ÅyYuichiÅz Yes.
ÅyToshikoÅz I'm counting on you, Professor Sakuma. I'll be expecting a lot from you...
ÅyToshikoÅz In more ways than one...
s02
