id21
030
This is the faculty room.
There is time before the class starts.This would be a good time to gather my thoughts.
@Think about the principal
@Think about Amamiya Private School
@Think about today's class@@
True beauty is blind to age, I guess.
But damn, she is fine. And she's got a kid. She can't be all that young...
She looks after and administers the school, and she has a very good reputation. She might look a tad bitchy, but when you talk to her, she seems nice.
But it's early to conclude this case is a simple case of runaways. You can't be too careful.
I can understand why the students would want to run away. Maybe it really isn't strange.
Amamiya Private School prides itself on strictness and order. To be honest, I'd run away too, if I were in their shoes.
It's tradition for everyone to introduce themselves in the first class. I don't think I'll need to teach today.
It's almost time for class... Is there anything else I should do?
Remember, it's all girls. Don't let it get to you.
But damn, I wish they wouldn't do those weird things with their eyes after they look at me.
If they do, I don't know what I will do.
Now it's time for my first class. Even at my age, I guess I'm a little nervous.
They're ALL girls you know...
030
Okay, what should I do now.
@Move
@Think
@Save@@
I can't think about anything other than the class I'm about to teach.The first impression is very important.
@Go to the classroom
@Go to the principal's office
@Go to the school gate@@
Wait, wait. You don't have time for that. The class is about to start.
The class is about to start.I better get to the classroom.
Okay, it's almost time for class.The first impression is very important, let's get with it.
@Cancel@@
@Save 1
@Save 2
@Save 3
save1
Data saved in Save 1.
save2
Data saved in Save 2.
save3
Data saved in Save 3.
id51
040
040b
*Knock knock*
yYuichiz It's Sakuma.
yToshikoz Come in.
chim2
020
Whew. The class went without a problem.
It's kind of a pain in the ass when it's all girls.
Yep, I was right. They did do that eye thing. I didn't know what to do. *sob*
yWoman's Voicez Professor Sakuma?
yYuichiz Yes?
id67
020b
yYuichiz Wait, you're...
@Jessica@
@I know I saw her somewhere
I told you to stop.
You need guts to say it a second time. I probably shouldn't say it.
yYuichiz You're Jessica from that Filipino bar right?
yGirlz Who are you talking to?
I think she is giving me a stern look.
yYuichiz I know I saw you somewhere...
yGirlz You already forgot? I was just in your class. I raised my hand twice for nothing?
yYuichiz That's not what I meant. And what do you mean "for nothing"? If my memory serves me correct, didn't we meet this morning?
yGirlz *giggle* You remembered.
yYuichiz Yeah, thank you for this morning. You're... Ms. Matsuno right?
yGirlz It's Hiromi. Hiromi Matsuno.
yYuichiz That's right! I remember you because you are so cute.
yHiromiz You're such a flirt. How many girls have you said that to?
yYuichiz What do you mean?
We had a nice chat in front of the classroom.
Hiromi Matsuno looked innocent and naive. She was pleasant to talk to. It was different from my first impression of her, but I liked her more.
@Look at Hiromi Matsuno@@
@Talk to Hiromi Matsuno
Hiromi Matsuno brings up topics, one after another. She's fun to be with.
She's cute.
She looks like a child with a new toy. It didn't feel that bad being treated as a toy.
Hiromi Matsuno had this throbbing energy, even with her innocent and naive looks.
yYuichiz I see, the professors here are pretty strict about rules, eh?
yHiromiz Very much.
yYuichiz I heard a rumor that the professor before me... Professor Sasaki? Well, that she was pretty understanding.
I was searching for clues. I had made up the rumor, but I knew Megumi Sasaki. I felt that she and Megumi would get along.
yHiromiz Professor Sa... Sasaki?
020
020c
What happened? She all of sudden became grim.
yYuichiz Yeah... I'm listening.
yHiromiz It's so bad. Just the other day, my friend had her pictures printed in a magazine, and just for that she was suspended.
yYuichiz Maybe it was one of those perverted magazines.
yHiromiz What do you mean by perverted magazines?
yYuichiz As in nude, you know.
yHiromiz It was just a normal picture of her in her school uniform.
yYuichiz I see. That shouldn't matter too much then.
yHiromiz You think so too? I'm glad you're a person I can talk to.
yYuichiz I don't wanna be judged on that. Is there something else?
yHiromiz They all got sticks up their butts.
yYuichiz God, it sounds like this school's got nothing good.
yHiromiz Well, maybe the roof?
yYuichiz The roof?
yHiromiz Yep. I think it's the only place this school can brag about. It's got beautiful views.
yYuichiz Is that so.
yHiromiz When you feel troubled or confused, you can go up there. It'll clear up your mind.
yYuichiz Sounds like a good place.
yHiromiz It is. You should try going there sometime.
yYuichiz A beautiful view... I'll try it when I have time.
yHiromiz Are you listening Professor Sakuma?
yHiromiz ... is the case.
yYuichiz ...
yHiromiz Professor?
@Look at Hiromi Matsuno
@Ask about Megumi Sasaki@@
I think Hiromi Matsuno is becoming herself again. Her face is all lit up.
I guess Hiromi Matsuno didn't like Megumi Sasaki.
If that's the case, it would make sense if she didn't want to talk about her.
She doesn't want to talk.
She looks confused and anxious. I wonder what's wrong?
yHiromiz But do you know what Professor Sasaki said?
yYuichiz What?
yHiromiz She said that school regulations are for school, and it shouldn't be forced onto your private life.
yYuichiz That sounds reasonable.
yHiromiz Yeah, I liked it. I never had a teacher like that before.
yYuichiz That's probably because...
yHiromiz Because...?
yYuichiz No... Nothing...
yHiromiz You are weird.
yYuichiz She sounded like she was a good professor.
yHiromiz So are you, though.
chim2
yHiromiz Oh damn, I have to go now. Thanks for the chat.
yYuichiz Yeah, you should be on your way.
yHiromiz Right. I'll see you later then.
020
Umm, okay...
I WANT that.
.........What!
Shame on me. Okay, now what should I do.
yYuichiz I'm sorry. I guess you didn't like her.
yHiromiz  No no, that's not true!
She was almost yelling as she denied it.
yHiromiz Professor Sasaki was...
yYuichiz Was...?
yHiromiz ...
yHiromiz You know something, don't you?
yHiromiz Yes, I had her class once a week.
yYuichiz How was her class?
yHiromiz *giggle* Her class was...
020
020b
She was her happy self again. Close call.
yHiromiz ...
She looks like she's holding something back.
yHiromiz Professor Sasaki...
yYuichiz Yes. You know her, right?
yHiromiz Well... Yes... I do.
Strange answer... I wonder what's wrong?
@Look around@@
@Move
There's nothing peculiar.
The next period was about to start, and the girls were rushing into their classrooms.
I don't see Hiromi Matsuno anymore. She must've gone to her next class.
@Go to the faculty room@@
@Go up to the roof
Guess I'll be heading back to the faculty room.
yWoman's Voicez Professor!
What now?
I don't have any business on the roof.
But Hiromi Matsuno said it is a great place. I'll go later.
id57
020e
What now? Who is this girl?
@Look at the student@@
@Talk to the student@@
@Look at Yumiko Mizukami@@
@Talk to Yumiko Mizukami@@
Yumiko Mizukami is looking at me.
In one sentence, she's a tomboy with big breasts and glasses.
The glasses might make her look unbalanced, but it wasn't bad.
From above the shoulders, she looks like a tomboy, but the size of her breasts! 36? Nah- more like 38.
She's a tomboy with her innocence still intact.
If you put her in T-shirts and shorts, she might pass for a boy.
yYumikoz Be careful, Professor.
yYuichiz About what?
yYumikoz Think about it.
020
yYuichiz Wait...
Damn, she is already gone.
Cute, but weird.
Time to head back to the faculty room.
yGirlz Hey what's up? My name's Yumiko Mizukami.
yYuichiz Um, okay.
yYumikoz So, what do you want?
yYuichiz Um... no, nothing. My name is Sakuma, and I teach biology.
yYumikoz Nice to meet you.
yYuichiz Nice to meet you too. Your name's Yumiko right? It's a pretty name.
yYumikoz I don't like my name.
yYuichiz Oh... I am sorry.
yYumikoz ...
yYuichiz ...Is there anything I can help you with?
yYumikoz You seem to get along well with Hiromi.
yYuichiz I only met her today.
yYumikoz ...Still.
yYuichiz Still?
yYumikoz I have never seen Hiromi having fun talking to anyone.
yYuichiz Is that so... But perhaps that was because it was the first time I met her.
yYumikoz *stare*
What the hell does she want from me?
yGirlz *stare*
What does she want. Why did she stop me?
yYuichiz Is there a problem?
yGirlz *stare*
yYuichiz You're making me blush.
yGirlz ...
Well, I thought it was funny.
id21
030
I came back to the faculty room.
The first day of classes went by without a problem.
There're a lot of things to think about.
@Think about Hiromi Matsuno
@Think about Megumi Sasaki
@Think about Yumiko Mizukami@@
She's a tomboy.
She is far from being a woman, but her tits are A+.
I wonder what she was doing in the classroom?
Hmm... Strange.
She's pretty weird, that tomboy.
I wonder if she was watching Hiromi Matsuno and I talk. It seems to be the case.
But the way Hiromi Matsuno acted when I brought up Megumi Sasaki's name. That's something to think about.
She looked confused and anxious.
.....
Wait a minute, didn't I have to report to the principal?
I am pretty slow today. I might be fired for almost being late and sleeping in the principal's office.
She likes me so far.
I wonder if there's a way to use her as a source of information.
I got the impression she was brought up comfortably.
I wonder what happened to her...?
She was one of the best JES agents, and for her to just disappear, is very unlikely.
It seems like Megumi Sasaki was liked, at least by Hiromi Matsuno.
030
@Move@@
@Think@@
@Save@@
Okay, I'm gonna go see the principal.
@Go to the classroom
@Go to the principal's office@@
@Go in front of the school gate
I should get to the principal's office.
Wait, wait. You don't have time for that.I better get there quick, or I'm fired.
I'm supposed to report to the principal after class. I should get to the principal's office.
@Cancel@@
@Save 1
@Save 2
@Save 3
save1
Data saved in Save 1.
save2
Data saved in Save 2.
save3
Data saved in Save 3.
yYuichiz May I come in?
yToshikoz Thank you for coming.
yYuichiz It's no problem.
@Look at Toshiko Amamiya@@
@Talk to Toshiko Amamiya
@Look around
@Move
Toshiko Amamiya is standing in front of me.
I wonder what those awards are for? I'll ask her next time I see her.
It looks like a principal's office. Why is it that I feel like a student every time I step into this room?
I should talk to Toshiko Amamiya a little bit more.
She's looking at me.
It feels like I'm being stared down by Medusa.
She has a smile saying, "Good job!" She's got me in her sight, and she's not letting me go.
yYuichiz It was just that...
yToshikoz Yes?
yYuichiz Well, how can I put this. It was my first time in an all-girls school, and everywhere I looked, there were girls, so it was pretty overwhelming.
yToshikoz *giggle* You're pretty cute, Professor Sakuma.
yYuichiz You... you think so?
yToshikoz Yes I do.
She smiled lustfully at me. That smile was making me HOT.
Is it just my imagination or are her eyes glimmering? My heart is pounding. Oh-oh, this is dangerous.
yYuichiz Um, I should get going now.
yToshikoz But I haven't even served you coffee yet.
yYuichiz Right... But, you know...
yToshikoz Yes?
yYuichiz Um...
I must've sounded like an idiot. I felt like an adolescent being toyed with by an older woman.
She looked as though she could see right through me. And she did look like she was toying with me.
Well, if that's so...
yToshikoz I have high hopes for you, Professor Sakuma.
yToshikoz How was your first day?
yYuichiz Well, I thought it went pretty well.
yToshikoz That's good.
@Leave the principal's office@@
@Jump the principal@@
@Confess love to the principal@@
I should stop now.
yToshikoz  You're a very funny person, Professor Sakuma.
yYuichiz You really think so?
yToshikoz *chuckle*
yYuichiz I... I had a crush...
yToshikoz Excuse me? Are you alright?
yYuichiz Um, nothing...
I told you I can't do it.
If you think about it, it's ridiculous.
Well, I will make her have sex and teach her how to behave........ What!
Yeah, I should leave now and cool down a little bit.
yYuichizI should get going now. I have to get ready for the next class. I'll come by if there're anymore problems.
I excused myself and left.
yToshikoz Come again...
I left the principal's office thinking of Toshiko Amamiya's words.
s03
