030
This is the faculty room.
030
There are many different girls here.
Well, there ARE about a thousand girls at this school.
It would be scary, if they were all alike.
030
This is the faculty room. What should I do now?
id21
030
That principal's a beauty, but she'll be hard to deal with.
I can handle talking to her, but those eyes. I just get so hot. I'm such a good-for-nothing.
030
Å@Move
Å@Think
Å@SaveÅ@Å@
I hope I can get the handle of things around here quickly.
It's my first day here... I should take a look around the school.
This must be what it is like, a private school for girls.
I wonder what the principal thinks about the school?
I thought it was just an ordinary young lady's school, but it's quite something, not to be underestimated.
Well, it's my first day here... I should look around school.
Ditching class and performing lesbian acts... They're not as innocent as they seem.
But I'm interested in what they could tell me.
All of my classes are done. I should use this time to check things out.
That principal is so sexy...
I was such a wimp back there. Enticed by a woman... I should think about that.
Å@Go to the classroom
Å@Go to the principal's officeÅ@Å@
Å@Go in front of the school gate
Okay, I'll go see the principal.
id51
I think I'll go to the classroom.
id03
I think I'll go in front of the school gate.
id03
Å@CancelÅ@Å@
Å@Save 1
Å@Save 2
Å@Save 3
save1
Data saved in Save 1.
save2
Data saved in Save 2.
save3
Data saved in Save 3.
040
040b
*knock knock*
ÅyYuichiÅz It's Yuichi.
ÅyToshikoÅz Come in.
ÅyToshikoÅz Welcome, Professor Sakuma.
ÅyYuichiÅz Sorry for the inconvience... that happens often.
ÅyToshikoÅz It's alright... I will never to the door to Professor Sakuma.
040
040b
*knock knock*
ÅyYuichiÅz It's Yuichi.
ÅyToshikoÅz Come in.
ÅyToshikoÅz Can I help you, Professor Sakuma?
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh no. I just wanted to see you.
ÅyToshikoÅz Thank you.
040
040b
*knock knock*
ÅyYuichiÅz It's Yuichi.
ÅyToshikoÅz Come in.
ÅyToshikoÅz Can I help you, Professor Sakuma?
040
040b
*knock knock*
ÅyYuichiÅz It's Yuichi.
ÅyToshikoÅz Come in.
ÅyToshikoÅz Can I help you, Professor Sakuma?
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh no. I just wanted to see you.
ÅyToshikoÅz Thank you.
Å@Look at Toshiko AmamiyaÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to Toshiko Amamiya
Å@Look around
Å@Move
ÅyToshikoÅz I'm counting on you.
ÅyYuichiÅz I understand.
ÅyToshikoÅz When there's a man around, all the girls know it.
ÅyYuichiÅz Really...
ÅyToshikoÅz If there's a student who catches your eye, please tell me.
ÅyYuichiÅz A student who catches my eye?
ÅyToshikoÅz I'm not going to do anything. I'll just tell the student to not get in your way.
ÅyYuichiÅz It's my first time in a girls' school. I hope I won't cause you much trouble.
ÅyToshikoÅz Don't worry. It's my job.
ÅyToshikoÅz Are you getting used to the atmosphere here?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um, there are many kinds of students here, aren't there?
ÅyToshikoÅz They're at a very tender age, I'm sure there are peculiar students too.
ÅyYuichiÅz Right... I mean... I guess so...
ÅyToshikoÅz Was there a student who took a great interest in you?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um, no, that's not what I meant.
Just because a student is a little peculiar doesn't mean I should report it to the principal.
ÅyToshikoÅz Anything else
ÅyYuichiÅz Um, no.
At any rate, I don't have to talk to the principal anymore
ÅyYuichiÅz I'm sorry... I've visited often for trivial things.
ÅyToshikoÅz Please don't worry about that. Communication with teachers is also a duty of the principal.
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, I see...
ÅyToshikoÅz Besides...
ÅyYuichiÅz Besides?
ÅyToshikoÅz I would like to know more about you, Professor Sakuma...
Toshiko Amamiya squinted her eyes and smiled thinly. I was surprised to see her smile.
Hey, what am I nervous about? Her "I want to know" must be referring to my personality and work performance as a teacher.
ÅyYuichiÅz Uh, yes. I will try to visit this office as much as possible.
ÅyToshikoÅz I would be very grateful if you could do that.
ÅyYuichiÅz And anyway, it is at your service to come and see the principal... but I think we have talked about this before.
ÅyToshikoÅz It's called deja vu. It is caused by vague memories and misconceptions.
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, I see... hmmm... I'm learning.
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, please don't misunderstand me.
ÅyToshikoÅz What, sir?
ÅyYuichiÅz I don't mean that I came to see the principal, or that I came to talk to you without meaning to.......
ÅyToshikoÅz Oh, then what can I do for you?
ÅyYuichiÅz What, may I help you... (There is no such thing).
ÅyToshikoÅz ...?
ÅyToshikoÅz Anything else?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um... Thank you for helping me.
ÅyYuichiÅz So does this mean you're in love?
ÅyToshikoÅz Well, I won't deny it.
She gave me a luscious smile and kept her eyes on me.
I guess people aren't always what they seem to be. But damn, I turn into a wimp when she stares at me like that.
ÅyToshikoÅz I'll tell you, because you're special.
ÅyYuichiÅz Thank you.
ÅyToshikoÅz Eat well and exercise.
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, okay. (That's kind of normal).
ÅyToshikoÅz Are you disappointed?
ÅyYuichiÅz No, not at all... (Shit, she read my mind!)
I thought my big mouth had slipped, and I had said what I was thinking. She's pretty sharp.
ÅyToshikoÅz There's another secret.
ÅyYuichiÅz A secret huh? Could you tell me what it is?
ÅyToshikoÅz You have to be in love.
ÅyYuichiÅz In love?
ÅyToshikoÅz That's right, in love. That's the secret to keeping your youth and beauty.
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, okay.
Wow... I didn't expect THAT from the principal.
ÅyToshikoÅz Is there something wrong?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um... I was just umm... Gathering my thoughts.
ÅyToshikoÅz Oh... is that the Chinese meditation you were talking about?
ÅyYuichiÅz Right. My meditation level peaks in this room.
ÅyToshikoÅz Okay... And what was it you wanted to talk to me about?
Shit!
ÅyYuichiÅz I... I was just wondering how you keep so beautiful all the time.
ÅyToshikoÅz *giggle* You're very funny.
ÅyYuichiÅz I... I was just interested.
It was poor, but the principal bought it. There's no woman who doesn't like to be complimented about their looks.
...
......
Well, it's a strict school. I'm not surprised that the students take abnormal actions to relieve their stress.
I don't like reporting students to the principal every time I see something abnormal. I consider myself pretty open.
And I don't want her to know that I was peeping.
I came to the principal's office before the shock from the lesbian scene wore off. How should I say this?
"I just saw two women making love on the roof! What should we do!?"
No... I won't say that.
ÅyToshikoÅz Can I help you, Professor Sakuma?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um, no.
ÅyToshikoÅz Is there anything else?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um, no.
ÅyYuichiÅz I just wanted to see you.
ÅyToshikoÅz *giggle* You're funny.
ÅyYuichiÅz Wait... But don't get me wrong.
ÅyToshikoÅz What?
ÅyYuichiÅz It's not that I came to see you because I was bored or anything.
ÅyToshikoÅz Oh okay, what did you want?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um... (That WAS the reason why I came.)
ÅyToshikoÅz ...?
There's something about this woman that makes me feel like a sissy.
It may not be appropriate to use the word "mature woman" to describe her. However, there is no doubt that she is a mature woman.
While she's dressed in a rough, casual outfit with a suit pulled over her shoulders, she doesn't give the impression of being unnatural. In fact, it's full of unique elegance.
She is an example of how a beautiful woman can dress any way she wants.
Toshiko Amamiya is giving me a luscious smile.
She's looking at me with a strange look.
Shit... Shit! I have to say something, or I'm gonna go crazy!
I don't want to be perverted or anything, but she does have a way of pumping my engine.
She looks slender, but she is stacked!
I didn't want to be perverted or anything but I couldn't stop my eyes wandering around her body.
She wore a striped navy blue suit, like a career woman. She looked damn fine.
ÅyToshikoÅz Is there a problem with the suit?
ÅyYuichiÅz It um... It looks good on you.
ÅyToshikoÅz Why, thank you. It's my favorite.
It had an atmosphere of a principal's office.
I wonder if she gets any work done in an office like this.
The room is so formal. I guess the principal's office is supposed to look like this.
Å@Go in the faculty roomÅ@Å@
Å@Go in front of the school gateÅ@Å@
I should talk to the principal a little bit more.
ÅyYuichiÅz If you'll excuse me...
ÅyToshikoÅz Please come again.
I decided to go back to the faculty room.
id21
I should talk to the principal a little bit more.
ÅyYuichiÅz If you'll excuse me...
ÅyToshikoÅz Please come again.
I decided to go in front of the school gate.
id03
080
This is the roof.
Hiromi Matsuno was right. It does have a beautiful view.
080
I came to the roof.
Phew, I think I'll have a smoke here. No one else seems to be around, so I guess it's a good choice.
080
This is the roof.
Wow, Hiromi Matsuno's recommendation was right. The view is beautiful.
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
There seems to be no one around.
It's a beautiful rooftop with a great view, but not many people around...
I wonder if this cold weather is the cause after all.
I've heard that things like that go on in girls' school but...
Isn't it a little cold for that?
It's a beautiful roof.
The roof is so clean and beautiful that I might take a nap up here when I'm tired. It's a great place to take a cigarette break.
The sky is so blue, and the clouds are moving slowly across the sky.
Å@Go to the classroomÅ@Å@
Å@Go to the gymÅ@Å@
I decided to head back to the classroom.
id03
Let's go the gymnasium and meet this "sayuri" of the rhythmic gymnastics club.
id12
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
People are sparse inside and outside the classroom.
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
The classes must be done for the day. I see a number of students with their backpacks.
020
020d
I'm in front of the classroom.
It must be time for lunch. There are a few students in the hallway.
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
It seems that classes are still in session. The area is quiet and still.
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
That took me by surprise...
I mean, it is a girls' school. I guess it's not so uncommon.
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
I'm a bit tired and wanna smoke, but not in the faculty room.
020
I'm in front of the classroom.
There must be classes still going on. It's really quiet.
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
There isn't anything special around.
I hear club activity noises outside.
They had no morning classes today, so there aren't many in the classrooms.
I hear a professor's voice echoing down the hallway.
I don't see any students in the hallways. This really is a strict school.
The floors are waxed and shining. The doors and the walls are clean.
Å@Go in the faculty roomÅ@Å@
Å@Go up to the roof
Let's go back to the faculty room.
id21
Let's go up to the roof.
id08
Yeah, it would be a good idea to gather my thoughts, while I smoke on the roof.
id08
I'm gonna go up to the roof to get some fresh air.
id08
010
010b
I went to the school gate.
010
I'm in front of the school gate.
Is it lunchtime? Are the classes done for the day? I see a number of students with their backpacks.
010
This is the front of the school gate.
Silence surrounds me. There's nothing more eerie than a school while in session.
010
This is the front of the school gate.
It is a huge, iron gate.
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
I see a few students in front of the school gate.
A few athletic clubs already started their practices. I hear shouts now and then.
But damn, it's a huge gate.
I recall that this school wants to be great in everything, but even the school gate?
I should head back now.
No students are ditching classes.
...But those lesbians were ditching classes and making out...
...I guess they're not as innocent as they look.
But I am interested in what they were talking about...
chim2
The classes are over. I should head back now.
There's no one around.
Everything's quiet around here.
There's not a girl wearing a clad school uniform in sight.
Yeah, it is during class time. I'm sure there're no students ditching.
But damn, it's a huge gate.
I recall that this school wants to be great in everything, but even the school gate?
Å@Go to the faculty room
Å@Go to the principal's officeÅ@Å@
I'll head back to the faculty room.
id21
Okay, I'll go see the principal.
id51
Alright, I'll head to the infirmary.
id40
080
I came to the roof.
I felt the sun's warmth, as I laid down and took out cigarettes.
I'm not supposed to smoke in the faculty room.
It's becoming harder for smokers like me.
ÅyYuichiÅz But it sure does feel good, taking a cigarette break. It reminds me of my high school years.
It felt so good up here that I even talked aloud.
It's kind of embarrassing talking to myself. I always look around to see if anyone else is around.
When I talk to myself, I always take a look around.
I wonder if it is just me who does that?
I knew that I was the only person up here taking a cigarette break.
...
......
ÅyYuichiÅz It's quiet huh?
......
Oh god...
ÅyYuichiÅz What was that?
......
ÅyYuichiÅz Did I just hear something?
ÅyYuichiÅz Or, was it just my imagination.
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Listen carefully
There's no one around.
It doesn't seem like there's anyone around. Was I just hearing things?
I wonder if someone's here. Getting caught smoking by a student... Shit...
A student, I might be able to get away with it. But what if it's that beautiful principal?
She'll probably say something like she's disappointed in me.
She might even fire me. Now THAT'LL be a problem.
God...
It sounds like... There're only a few situations when you would hear that kind of voice.
Hmm. Nah- it can't be. Well... Maybe...
I do wanna go see it but...
......
Oh yeah...
Now I know I heard it!
There's silence all around. I only hear birds singing.
...
......
Hmm. I don't hear anything anymore. I thought I heard human voices.
Å@Since I'm a professor, I'll head backÅ@Å@
Å@I'll just stay quiet for a moment
Å@Go towards where I heard the voices
It's a joke right?
As a professor, I should go check it out.
Wait, because I'm a professor, I can't just let it go.
Just go!
What if it ends before I get there... I... I mean what if it was rape or something like that.
Am I suppose to just sit here?
Okay, I'm gonna get to the bottom of this.
hs0701
100
ÅyGirl's Voice 1Åz Oh yeah... That feels good...
ÅyGirl's Voice 2Åz You're so hard...
ÅyYuichiÅz Holy baloney!!!
There were two girls, one with black hair, the other with brown hair, having sex.
ÅyYuichiÅz Well, it is a girls' school. I guess things like this do go on. But man... look at 'em go.
I gulped. My eyes were fixed on these two angels eating each other out.
The brown hair girl slowly kissed the black hair girl. It was a beautiful sight.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz *moan*
They were French kissing. They were sucking each other's lips.
I saw their twirling tongues, as they sucked on each other.
Their cheeks moved as their tongues twirled.
The brown-haired girl cupped her boobs and flicked her pink nipple with one hand, as the other hand was groping the black-haired girl's pussy.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Oh god... Do my nipples too...
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz It's so hard...
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz OH please... Hurry!
There was such a contrast between their innocent looks and their erect nipples. It was quite a turn on.
As the tongue twirled around the nipples, I heard moans.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Oh, good. Bite me, bite me! Oh yeah...
Her nipples were bitten a little too hard. The black-haired girl had tears in her eyes.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Oh yeah...
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Please... Now let me cum...
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Okay... I'll let you kiss my wet pussy now.
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Thank you...
Both of them had red hot cheeks and glistening eyes. It seems that the black-haired girl was the leader.
As the skirt came up, the brown-haired girl threw her head between the other's legs.
110
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Oh god... Deeper! Deeper!
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz *suckling sound*
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz I'm SO wet.
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz *more suckling*
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz You have to drink up my love juice too...
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Yes...
The brown-haired girl's mouth was drenched with love juice. Her tongue was going in and out of the black-haired girl's cunt.
A white residue was coming from her twat. The brown-haired girl opened up her pussy with her fingers and sucked the residue coming out.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Is it good?
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Yes... It's delicious...
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Oh god... Yes... Yes... Use your tongue.
Seeing how she gasped, I could easily imagine what the tongue was doing inside her pussy.
Oh shit... Now the brown-haired girl started masturbating. What a slut! *gulp*
In the last few minutes, I gulped more than a few times.
......
But...
As a professor, I was kind of ashamed of myself.
I should...
Å@Join them
Å@Peeping is good enough for meÅ@Å@
Å@Leave
I said it's not possible!
If you think about it, you can't do it.
I should join them for a menage-a-trios.
What am I saying?!
I do wanna stay here a little longer, but it goes against my principles.
Shit... I do wanna keep on looking, but I feel disgraceful.
I started to feel ashamed.
The brown hair girl started a conversation as I started to leave.
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz You know...
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz What?
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Whoever heard of leaving notes when you run away from home.
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz ...But there are... At this school.
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz It's because they rebelled against Sayuri.
This was unexpected. I stopped to listen.
Isn't this conversation...
Å@Just a chat?
Å@About sex?
Å@About the missing students?Å@Å@
It probably doesn't have anything to do with sex.
I don't think it has anything to do with sex.
Leave a note and run away? How perverted.... Wait...
No... It's not just a chat.
It sure doesn't sound like a chat.
It probably means that girls don't leave notes when they run away from home. Yeah, probably.
Nah- this isn't just a chat.
It sounds like they're talking about the runaway students. But who is this "Sayuri" girl?
It's probably not the brown-haired girl. Maybe the black-haired girl? Or is it someone different?
It sounds like a girl's name, but haven't I heard of that name before?
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz ...Right... Get it?
ÅyBrown-Haired GirlÅz Right. I get it.
Damn, they're starting to whisper. You are suppose to be alone... Talk louder!
Å@Get a little closerÅ@Å@
Å@Just leave
Å@Listen moreÅ@Å@
I was listening so carefully, that I forgot to check my footing.
I KICKED A BUCKET.
It was a loud noise. I jumped when I heard it.
I kicked a bucket that was near my feet. Shit!
ÅyBlack-Haired GirlÅz Who's there!?
The black-haired girl's voice echoed.
I ran for it!
id03
I'll just listen a little bit more.
Yeah, this would be the right moment to go.
But they might know something about the missing students.
If I can get a little bit closer.
I can't hear well from here. If I can get a little bit closer...
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
There's a girl staring at me.
Normally, you would try to look the other way, but this girl keeps looking at me.
Hmm. This is not an easy situation to handle.
I should've looked the other way, but instead I kept staring back, and now the girl is starting to come over.
Shit... What if she's a bad......
The girls, who walked by, seemed to all look at me.
I like being looked at by girls, but this is uncomfortable.
It must be lunch break. There are many student walking in the hallways.
There are some students who turn around. I guess having a stranger in your school is unusual.
Å@Go in the faculty roomÅ@Å@
Å@Go up to the roof
Let's go back to the faculty room
id21
Let's go up to the roof.
id08
id02
020d
020
The students stop and turn to look at me.
Å@Look at the studentÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to the studentÅ@Å@
She looking at me like if I'm some kind of a pervert. What a bitch.
She looks cold, but also very beautiful.
I get the impression that she's pretty cold.
A little different from principal Toshiko's stare. I can't look at her straight in the eyes.
A handsome face and a slender body... Boy, she's a beauty. Yeah, she's more beautiful than cute.
ÅyYuichiÅz Hi... I hope I can do well here...
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
How in the hell am I supposed to deal with that.
ÅyYuichiÅz Hello?
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz Hi, nice to meet you.
ÅyYuichiÅz Excuse me?
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz I said, "Nice to meet you."
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh... Umm... Nice to meet you too.
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
What do I say?! What a bitch...
ÅyYuichiÅz You know what?
ÅyYuichiÅz Um.
I was about to lecture her on manners when she abruptly turned and walked away.
What the hell!?
I haven't seen her before... I wonder who that was.
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz So you're the new professor.
ÅyYuichiÅz Nice to meet you.
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
Hmmmm...
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz So you're the replacement for Ms. Sasaki.
ÅyYuichiÅz Right... Nice to meet you. I'm Yuichi.
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
I introduced myself, but there was no reply. She's not in any of my classes. I wonder who she is.
ÅyYuichiÅz Excuse me...
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
ÅyYuichiÅz Hellooooo?
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
What a bitch!
ÅyYuichiÅz Can I help you with something?
ÅyBitchy-Looking GirlÅz ...
Fine... Ignore me...
id03
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
The bitchy looking girl isn't there anymore.
Beautiful, but not my type.
I prefer a woman who is warmer. Like Hiromi Matsuno. What!
The bitchy looking girl disappeared into a crowd of students.
Å@Go in the faculty roomÅ@Å@
Å@Go up to the roof
Let's go back to the faculty room.
id21
Let's go up to the roof.
id08
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
I should head back now.
There are many students going home. The ones that know me bow as they walk pass me.
I wonder what Hiromi Matsuno is doing. Maybe she's involved in some after-school activities.
It's probably because there're only morning classes today. It's only twelve, and after-school activities are starting.
ÅyYuichiÅz I should head back now.
Right when I started to leave, a student came running out of the back of a building.
Isn't she...
Let's look around a little more.
Å@Principal Amamiya?Å@Å@
Å@Sherry from that Manila bar?
Å@Hiromi Matsuno?
No, it's not Toshiko Amamiya.
Is that Principal Amamiya?
No, the principal wouldn't be wearing the school uniform. Maybe she's kinky?
No, I don't think she's into that kind of stuff.
No, I really don't think it's Sherry from the Manila bar.
Think about it. What would she be doing in a school uniform running from the back of a building.
Plus, she's much more voluptuous. What am I saying?
That's gotta be Sherry from that Manila bar, that my boss took me to.
I spent a ton of money on her, so she would not forget me. What!
It's probably Hiromi Matsuno. Why would she be running out the back of a building.
I'll just call to her.
ÅyYuichiÅz Hey! Hiromi!
The student stopped and looked around. Yep, that's her.
ÅyYuichiÅz Over here.
id57
010b
010
When I approached her, she looked shocked.
There's something wrong...
Å@Look at Hiromi MatsunoÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to Hiromi MatsunoÅ@Å@
There's something wrong...
She's looking back at where she came from. I wonder...
She is not smiling.
Hiromi Matsuno is afraid of something...
No, not afraid. More like being cautious.
ÅyYuichiÅz Is there something wrong?
ÅyHiromiÅz No no. That's not it.
ÅyYuichiÅz What's not it?
ÅyHiromiÅz Um.
ÅyYuichiÅz ...?
ÅyHiromiÅz I'm sorry...
ÅyYuichiÅz Why are you apologizing? You haven't done anything wrong.
ÅyHiromiÅz Well yeah but...
ÅyYuichiÅz But what?
ÅyHiromiÅz I... I have to go.
ÅyYuichiÅz Wait!
......
Before I could stop her, she was running toward the school buildings.
ÅyYuichiÅz What's wrong? You don't look well.
ÅyHiromiÅz No, nothing is wrong.
No, there's something...
ÅyHiromiÅz I, well...
I've been terribly restless since a while ago. I wonder what's wrong.
ÅyHiromiÅz Professor Sakuma...
Hiromi Matsuno looks surprised.
Å@Look aroundÅ@Å@
Å@Move
I wonder what is over there. Maybe I'll take a look.
I wonder what she was doing in the back of the building.
Hiromi Matsuno isn't here anymore.
Okay, I'll check the back of the building.
No. I probably shouldn't make my move yet.
120
There's a student crouched over.
Å@Look at the studentÅ@Å@
Å@Talk to the student
She doesn't look well, but that helpless look was turning me on...
Where did I see her?
I know I've seen her before...
I wonder if there's something wrong with her. She's crouched over, and she is breathing heavily.
ÅyYokoÅz Can I help you?
ÅyYuichiÅz Well? You want to go to the nurse's office, don't you?  Oh!
ÅyYokoÅz Are you okay?
ÅyYuichiÅz I... I don't know where the nurse is.
ÅyYokoÅz You don't know?
*sob*
ÅyYokoÅz I'll lead you there.
ÅyYuichiÅz Th... Thanks.
I headed for the nurse, carrying Yoko Kawano.
The nurse's office has an unique odor.
s04
ÅyYuichiÅz Wait... you're...
That lesbian on the roof... I wanted to put my hands over my mouth.
ÅyGirlÅz ...?
ÅyYuichiÅz Oh, I'm sorry. Are you okay?
ÅyGirlÅz I don't know... I don't feel well.
ÅyYuichiÅz What's your name?
ÅyGirlÅz My name is Kawano. Yoko Kawano.
ÅyYuichiÅz Do you want me to take you to the nurse?
ÅyYokoÅz Yes, please.
Yoko looked at me, helplessly.
Knowing what happened on the roof, please don't look at me like that...
I must not be getting enough lately. I mean having sexual fantasies about the principal is one thing, but a kid!?
ÅyYuichiÅz Are you okay?
ÅyGirlÅz What?
ÅyYuichiÅz Are you okay?
ÅyGirlÅz I... I don't feel well.
